---
page_title: "ably_app Resource - terraform-provider-ably"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The ably_app resource allows you to create and manage Ably Apps and configure Ably Push notifications. Read more about Ably Push Notifications in Ably documentation: https://ably.com/docs/general/push
---

# ably_app (Resource)

The `ably_app` resource allows you to create and manage Ably Apps and configure Ably Push notifications. Read more about Ably Push Notifications in Ably documentation: https://ably.com/docs/general/push


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ably_app" "app0" {
  name     = "ably-tf-provider-app-0000"
  status   = "enabled"
  tls_only = true
}
```

```terraform
resource "ably_app" "app1" {
  name                      = "ably-tf-provider-app-0001"
  status                    = "enabled"
  tls_only                  = true
  fcm_key                   = "AABBQ1KyxCE:APA91bCCYs7r_Q-sqW8HMP_hV4t3vMYx...cJ8344-MhGWODZEuAmg_J4MUJcVQEyDn...I"
  fcm_service_account       = jsonencode({ account = "test" })
  fcm_project_id            = "notional-armor-405018"
  apns_certificate          = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----MIIFaDCC...EXAMPLE...3Dc=-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
  apns_private_key          = "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----ABCFaDCC...EXAMPLE...3Dc=-----END PRIVATE KEY-----"
  apns_use_sandbox_endpoint = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The application name.

### Optional

- `apns_auth_type` (String) The APNS authentication type. Can be 'certificate' or 'token'.
- `apns_certificate` (String, Sensitive) The Apple Push Notification service certificate.
- `apns_issuer_key` (String) The APNS issuer key (Team ID) used for token-based authentication.
- `apns_private_key` (String, Sensitive) The Apple Push Notification service private key.
- `apns_signing_key` (String, Sensitive) The APNS signing key used for token-based authentication.
- `apns_signing_key_id` (String) The APNS signing key ID used for token-based authentication.
- `apns_topic_header` (String) The APNS topic header, typically the app bundle ID.
- `apns_use_sandbox_endpoint` (Boolean) Use the Apple Push Notification service sandbox endpoint.
- `fcm_key` (String, Sensitive) The Firebase Cloud Messaging key.
- `fcm_project_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Firebase Cloud Messaging(FCM) project. This ID is used to specify the Firebase project when configuring FCM or other Firebase services.
- `fcm_service_account` (String, Sensitive) Used to specify the Firebase Cloud Messaging(FCM) service account credentials used for authentication and enabling communication with FCM to send push notifications to devices.
- `status` (String) The application status. Disabled applications will not accept new connections and will return an error to all clients. When creating a new application, ensure that its status is set to enabled.
- `tls_only` (Boolean) Enforce TLS for all connections. This setting overrides any channel setting.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of your Ably account.
- `apns_certificate_configured` (Boolean) Whether an APNS certificate has been configured.
- `apns_signing_key_configured` (Boolean) Whether an APNS signing key has been configured.
- `created` (String) The timestamp when the app was created.
- `fcm_service_account_configured` (Boolean) Whether a Firebase Cloud Messaging service account has been configured.
- `id` (String) The application ID.
- `modified` (String) The timestamp when the app was last modified.