---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ably_ingress_rule_postgres_outbox Resource - terraform-provider-ably"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The ably_ingress_rule_postgres_outbox resource Use the Postgres database connector to distribute changes from your Postgres database to end users at scale. It enables you to distribute records using the outbox pattern to large numbers of subscribing clients, in realtime, as the changes occur.
---

# ably_ingress_rule_postgres_outbox (Resource)

The `ably_ingress_rule_postgres_outbox` resource Use the Postgres database connector to distribute changes from your Postgres database to end users at scale. It enables you to distribute records using the outbox pattern to large numbers of subscribing clients, in realtime, as the changes occur.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Ably application ID.
- `target` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

### Optional

- `status` (String) The status of the rule. Rules can be enabled or disabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The rule ID.

<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `nodes_table_name` (String) Name for the nodes table.
- `nodes_table_schema` (String) Schema for the nodes table in your database to allow for operation as a cluster to provide fault tolerance.
- `outbox_table_name` (String) Name for the outbox table.
- `outbox_table_schema` (String) Schema for the outbox table in your database, which allows for the reliable publication of an ordered sequence of change event messages over Ably.
- `primary_site` (String) The primary data center in which to run the integration rule.
- `ssl_mode` (String) Determines the level of protection provided by the SSL connection. Options are:
  - prefer: Attempt SSL but allow non-SSL.
  - require: Always use SSL but don't verify certificates.
  - verify-ca: Verify server certificate is signed by a trusted CA.
  - verify-full: Verify server certificate and hostname.

Default: prefer.
- `url` (String) The URL for your Postgres database, for example postgres://user:password@example.com:5432/your-database-name. The associated user must have the correct privileges

Optional:

- `ssl_root_cert` (String) Optional. Specifies the SSL certificate authority (CA) certificates. Required if SSL mode is verify-ca or verify-full.


