---
page_title: "ably_queue Resource - terraform-provider-ably"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The ably_queue resource allows you to create and manage Ably queues. Read more about Ably queues in Ably documentation: https://ably.com/docs/general/queues.
---

# ably_queue (Resource)

The ably_queue resource allows you to create and manage Ably queues. Read more about Ably queues in Ably documentation: https://ably.com/docs/general/queues.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ably_queue" "example_queue" {
  app_id     = ably_app.app1.id
  name       = "queue_name"
  ttl        = 60
  max_length = 10000
  region     = "us-east-1-a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The application ID.
- `max_length` (Number) Message limit in number of messages.
- `name` (String) The name of the queue.
- `region` (String) The data center region. US East (Virginia) or EU West (Ireland). Values are us-east-1-a or eu-west-1-a.
- `ttl` (Number) Time to live in minutes.

### Read-Only

- `amqp_queue_name` (String) Name of the Ably queue.
- `amqp_uri` (String) URI for the AMQP queue interface.
- `deadletter` (Boolean) A boolean that indicates whether this is a dead letter queue or not.
- `deadletter_id` (String) The ID of the dead letter queue.
- `id` (String) The ID of the queue
- `messages_ready` (Number) The number of ready messages in the queue.
- `messages_total` (Number) The total number of messages in the queue.
- `messages_unacknowledged` (Number) The number of unacknowledged messages in the queue.
- `state` (String) The current state of the queue.
- `stats_acknowledgement_rate` (Number) The rate at which messages are acknowledged. Rate is messages per minute.
- `stats_delivery_rate` (Number) The rate at which messages are delivered from the queue. Rate is messages per minute.
- `stats_publish_rate` (Number) The rate at which messages are published to the queue. Rate is messages per minute.
- `stomp_destination` (String) Destination queue.
- `stomp_host` (String) The host type for the queue.
- `stomp_uri` (String) URI for the STOMP queue interface.