---
page_title: "ably_rule_amqp Resource - terraform-provider-ably"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The ably_rule_amqp resource allows you to create and manage an Ably integration rule for AMQP. Read more at https://ably.com/docs/general/firehose/amqp-rule
---

# ably_rule_amqp (Resource)

The `ably_rule_amqp` resource allows you to create and manage an Ably integration rule for AMQP. Read more at https://ably.com/docs/general/firehose/amqp-rule


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ably_rule_amqp" "rule0" {
	app_id = ably_app.app0.id
	status = "enabled"
	source = {
		channel_filter = "^my-channel.*",
		type           = "channel.message"
	}
	request_mode = "single"
	target = {
		queue_id = ably_queue.example_queue.id
    headers = [
      {
        name : "User-Agent",
        value : "user-agent-string",
      },
      {
        name : "User-Agent-Extra",
        value : "user-agent-string",
      },
    ]

		enveloped = false
		format = "json"
	}
  }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Ably application ID.
- `source` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `target` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

### Optional

- `request_mode` (String) This is Single Request mode or Batch Request mode. Single Request mode sends each event separately to the endpoint specified by the rule
- `status` (String) The status of the rule. Rules can be enabled or disabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The rule ID.

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `channel_filter` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `queue_id` (String) The ID of your Ably queue

Optional:

- `enveloped` (Boolean) Delivered messages are wrapped in an Ably envelope by default that contains metadata about the message and its payload. The form of the envelope depends on whether it is part of a Webhook/Function or a Queue/Firehose rule. For everything besides Webhooks, you can ensure you only get the raw payload by unchecking "Enveloped" when setting up the rule.
- `format` (String) JSON provides a text-based encoding, whereas MsgPack provides a more efficient binary encoding
- `headers` (Attributes List) If you have additional information to send, you'll need to include the relevant headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--headers))

<a id="nestedatt--target--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the header
- `value` (String) The value of the header