---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ably_rule_google_function Resource - terraform-provider-ably"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The ably_rule_google_cloud_function resource allows you to create and manage an Ably integration rule for Google cloud functions. Read more at https://ably.com/docs/general/webhooks/google-functions
---

# ably_rule_google_function (Resource)

The `ably_rule_google_cloud_function` resource allows you to create and manage an Ably integration rule for Google cloud functions. Read more at https://ably.com/docs/general/webhooks/google-functions



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Ably application ID.
- `source` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `target` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

### Optional

- `request_mode` (String) This is Single Request mode or Batch Request mode. Single Request mode sends each event separately to the endpoint specified by the rule
- `status` (String) The status of the rule. Rules can be enabled or disabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The rule ID.

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `channel_filter` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `function_name` (String) The name of your Google Cloud Function.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID for your Google Cloud Project that was generated when you created your project.
- `region` (String) The region in which your Google Cloud Function is hosted. See the Google documentation for more details.

Optional:

- `enveloped` (Boolean) Delivered messages are wrapped in an Ably envelope by default that contains metadata about the message and its payload. The form of the envelope depends on whether it is part of a Webhook/Function or a Queue/Firehose rule. For everything besides Webhooks, you can ensure you only get the raw payload by unchecking "Enveloped" when setting up the rule.
- `format` (String) JSON provides a text-based encoding
- `headers` (Attributes List) If you have additional information to send, you'll need to include the relevant headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--headers))
- `signing_key_id` (String) The signing key ID for use in batch mode. Ably will optionally sign the payload using an API key ensuring your servers can validate the payload using the private API key. See the [webhook security docs](https://ably.com/docs/general/webhooks#security) for more information

<a id="nestedatt--target--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the header
- `value` (String) The value of the header


