---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ably_rule_pulsar Resource - terraform-provider-ably"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The ably_rule_pulsar resource allows you to create and manage an Ably integration rule for Pulsar. Read more at https://ably.com/docs/general/firehose/pulsar-rule
---

# ably_rule_pulsar (Resource)

The `ably_rule_pulsar` resource allows you to create and manage an Ably integration rule for Pulsar. Read more at https://ably.com/docs/general/firehose/pulsar-rule



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Ably application ID.
- `source` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `target` (Attributes) object (rule_source) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

### Optional

- `request_mode` (String) This is Single Request mode or Batch Request mode. Single Request mode sends each event separately to the endpoint specified by the rule
- `status` (String) The status of the rule. Rules can be enabled or disabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The rule ID.

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `channel_filter` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Pulsar supports authenticating clients using security tokens that are based on JSON Web Tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--authentication))
- `routing_key` (String) The optional routing key (partition key) used to publish messages. Supports interpolation as described in the [Ably FAQs](https://faqs.ably.com/what-is-the-format-of-the-routingkey-for-an-amqp-or-kinesis-reactor-rule).
- `service_url` (String) The URL of the Pulsar cluster in the form pulsar://host:port or pulsar+ssl://host:port
- `topic` (String) A Pulsar topic. This is a named channel for transmission of messages between producers and consumers. The topic has the form: {persistent|non-persistent}://tenant/namespace/topic

Optional:

- `enveloped` (Boolean) Delivered messages are wrapped in an Ably envelope by default that contains metadata about the message and its payload. The form of the envelope depends on whether it is part of a Webhook/Function or a Queue/Firehose rule. For everything besides Webhooks, you can ensure you only get the raw payload by unchecking "Enveloped" when setting up the rule.
- `format` (String) JSON provides a text-based encoding, whereas MsgPack provides a more efficient binary encoding
- `tls_trust_certs` (List of String, Sensitive) All connections to a Pulsar endpoint require TLS. The tls_trust_certs option allows you to configure different or additional trust anchors for those TLS connections. This enables server verification. You can specify an optional list of trusted CA certificates to use to verify the TLS certificate presented by the Pulsar cluster. Each certificate should be encoded in PEM format

<a id="nestedatt--target--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.authentication`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Authentication mode, in this case JSON Web Token. Use `jwt`
- `token` (String) The JWT string.`


